window.*.title.separator.color: #E7E8EB

window.active.border.color: #969693
#window.active.border.color: #babbbd
window.active.client.color: #2d3036
window.active.label.text.color: #6f788d

window.active.title.bg: raised solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #E7E8EB
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative

window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #6f788d
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #2d3036
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #D3DAE3

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.bg: parentrelative
#button states

window.active.button.hover.bg: Flat Border solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #fefefe
window.active.button.hover.bg.border.color: #d2d4db
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #7a7f8b

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat Border solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #5294e2
window.active.button.pressed.bg.border.color: #5294e2
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.toggled.image.color:  #6f788d

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #E7E8EB
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative

window.inactive.border.color: #B6B6B3
window.inactive.client.color: #2d3036
window.inactive.label.text.color: #A4A9B6

window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color: #b6b8c0
