window.active.title.bg.highlight: 20
window.active.title.bg.shadow:    00

window.*.title.separator.color:  #2f343f
window.*.title.bg.color: #2f343f

window.*.border.color: #1b1e24
window.active.client.color: #2d3036

window.active.label.text.color: #afb9c6

window.active.title.bg: raised solid
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative

window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #afb9c6
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #5294E2
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #2d3036

window.active.button.hover.bg: Flat Border solid
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #454c5c
window.active.button.hover.bg.border.color: #272c34
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #c7c7c7

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat Border solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #5294e2
window.active.button.pressed.bg.border.color: #5294e2
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.toggled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #afb9c6


window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative

window.inactive.client.color: #2d3036
window.inactive.label.text.color: #767e8a

window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.image.color: #767e8a

window.*.handle.bg: raised solid
window.*.handle.bg.color: #2f343f
window.*.grip.bg: parentrelative

